Michael Keene  0:11  
It's Mike is here, sincere apologies. Morning, Mike, good morning. Good morning.

Swati Dayal  1:39  
Hi, there. Morning,

Niranjan Bhambi  1:42  
everybody, sorry, I'm late. No issues.

Niranjan Bhambi  1:54  
So shall we start the problem? Please, let me just

Niranjan Bhambi  2:12  
Okay, so over this last week, we have basically stabilized the core document processing engine. We have introduced name space based isolation. That is what this means, that a client or anything means we can have multiple projects running with the isolated context. In fact, we have added open API and on topic support, in fact. So it's not just on premises. We can leverage external llms Also, okay. And apart from that, we have added API based support. So right now, this engine, what we have right now, can easily be used via CLI. Plus, I have exposed just to show the capabilities via APIs also. And apart from this, I have added support for UI, just to see how things can be used easily by a person who is not very familiar with CLI. Okay, so all the previous things like run ingestions query, this is the new thing that is basically you just ingest a document, and you provide a namespace which gives it isolation. Supposing we have multiple documents, and they will come on different time intervals, so whenever we ingest we simply provide this namespace which will bind it to that specific project. Okay, so supposing I have so just to show the demo, what I've done is I created few examples, like we have a km digital client where we have some meeting transcripts. Okay, these are randomly generated, but we can definitely try with today's meeting also and but so today's meeting is just a showcasing. So it does. It is not a requirement gathering meeting, but we can previously fetch some meetings, and we can try it out. We can. So mostly I've used MD files, which I'll explain we can. So these are requirement, requirement, in fact. So usually whenever we have some kind of project, we will have request for proposal also. So it will have it's all content, its requirements, and what are the features and all And apart from that, to help the proposal make, I've added just a sec I think,

Niranjan Bhambi  5:22  
I think there's some issue with

Niranjan Bhambi  5:40  
my Hello, yes, yes, great. So these are sample docs, okay, like for Acme client, I've added some previous meeting docs, okay, and their RFPs and all okay. Apart from this, there is something called proposal templates, in fact, okay, so for every proposal, that means all proposals are not of same type. So we can define some guidelines based on this, proposals also which can be easily, like there is some default template, okay, standard enterprise proposal where these are the sections that we want in our proposal generator. Okay, so we have given these are basically system prompts we can this can be easily edited, updated as per the need, in fact. So there can be technical one, also, there can be a construction also, there can be design also. So it depends on the industry, we can create this kind of default templates which will help the proposal generator to generate the proposal. So right now, supposing,

Niranjan Bhambi  7:16  
so I'll ingest all this Acme projects documents into our system right now, there are no So, okay, so before moving this, I'll simply explain the UI, which we have developed. So it's API key based. We have introduced to rbse also in In fact, in this so we can give some kind of API key or an alias of API key to the client. Okay? And when they log into this portal or in this admin panel, they'll have their own project overview, in fact. So they will have their own projects. They'll have their own template. They will have their own proposals in fact. So supposing I'll, I'll go into the thing. So there is dashboard. This simply tells which the API health, how many namespaces we have, how many proposals, how many templates we have, admin portion we are still working on this, what all should be put here? Ingestions are basically whatever things we are doing via CLI for document ingestions, we will add via UI also, okay. Apart from that, this is a plugin based so it will use the whole what you call it will use the whole core packages, okay, CLI, core, pipelines, runtimes. It will use all the core ones. And we have simply added one extra plugin, which is process proposal generator, use, utilizing the whole system. Okay, so, so that's why we have this proposal generator. So I'll simply in just one of the document for acne, and let's see how it goes on. Okay, so I have so if we go in examples, I have acne client. I'll ingest this in fact. So I

Niranjan Bhambi  10:18  
so this will basically start ingesting, okay, work,

Unknown Speaker  10:26  
client, client.

Niranjan Bhambi  10:39  
So it found three files. One is text so if we see so there are two MDS and one text file, so it ingested three documents, 39 chunks created. Right now, I'm using Open API because it makes the demo easy. We could have used local LLM also, but right now, as I have added support for external library, external llms, so this gives us capability to call external engines also. Okay. So what this has done, this has added another namespace here.

Niranjan Bhambi  11:33  
So it added another namespace for us. So this namespace is nothing we can select the project that we are working on. So I'll select Acme right now, and I'll generate what you call proposals related to this project, so it has streaming output also. So based on this context, we can ask questions like, What is this?

Niranjan Bhambi  12:11  
So it's a demo you UI. We can obviously have a separate section for this thing. And this is this project focus on designing implementation, modern data platform. So this is based on the data that we have ingested, in fact. Okay, now I'll generate one proposal based on this data.

Niranjan Bhambi  12:42  
Make it I have to select namespace, because it will decide from where it has to select the context. There are this kind of templates right now, I'll simply select default, so default will have this executive summary, understanding, the requirements, proposal, solution, scope of work. And this will have this kind of structure. But if I have selected technical one, it's a deep dive technical proposal, it will have technical executive summary, current state project, proposed architecture, tech stack. So this is all depending on the project and type of industry that we are serving, in fact.

Michael Keene  13:26  
So how are those defined Niranjan?

Niranjan Bhambi  13:31  
So right now, I have created a template section, and it's our these are MD files, okay? And we can provide the titles, we can provide the query, and we can provide the summary what we want in this sessions. So this can be easily, anything, yeah, it can be anything. Means it depends on the industry to industry. We are not hard coding to technical one only probably tomorrow a construction company wants to use it. They'll have their different kind of proposal, and they'll have their different kinds of sections which are not similar to technical ones. So this is just a template, an outline that gives proposal exchange. In fact, okay, so this right now I'll simply select default one, this thing I've added as an human input, because probably an agency who is proposing may not have that much manpower, and based on the manpower they will have to this is sample one, we can refine this. But I thought, LLM will not know how many people are there in the organization who is generating this proposal, or what the budget they are having, or how much duration they want, or something like that. So this is to help the team. So supposing I have, we have three members for this people, and we have eight weeks of durations, and will have $2,000 rate per week, in fact. So I'll start generating this proposal. So this will basically take the Acme context and will go to the vertical LLM with our template, and it will generate. It will take couple of minutes. In the meanwhile, what we have in suggestions here is that this can be an asynchronous kind of task where we simply generate and it simply comes into the version history, and whenever it's ready, like we have in chat. GPT is where we Sumit an image and when the whenever the image is ready. We get a prompt, in fact. So this is under development, but this can be means, if we go in on this way, we can definitely refine this. So we'll have to wait a minute or minute and a half, something. So I

Michael Keene  16:51  
while we're waiting, well, yeah, I don't want to derail us. I

Michael Keene  17:07  
it, so maybe part of this we could talk about, if,

Michael Keene  17:20  
could we have an onboard function? Do we? I mean, are you actually? Never mind, we'll come back to that.

Niranjan Bhambi  17:28  
Okay, so, based on the template, we have generated the proposal. Okay, it's a proposal for acne, cab. Basic Info, okay, and this is the exact Executive Summary based on the meeting transcripts, RFP and the template we have provided, impact, okay. This is the understanding requirements, proposed solution, scope of work and plans and so this all resembles to the template that we have, like proposed implementation plan, scope of work, proposed solution, so it can be customized easily based on the requirement. So supposing we don't want pricing commercials to be in this proposal we can easily remove we don't want risk or compliance consideration we can or we need something else in this we simply add a title query and instructions, and it will update the proposal. So coming forward, we can have various versions here, like right now, I just created one. I can create, I can ingest more documents, and I can generate another proposal, and it will have an another version of acne, okay, so, like Previously, I had made this KM deck proposal so it has this. So if I have given KMD, I can generate a technical proposal like this, so it can be easily managed, multiple versions we can so in In future, if we think that this section is not relevant or something we want to regenerate, we can regenerate also.

Michael Keene  19:31  
What about in line, in context editing like, say, there's a word that needs

Niranjan Bhambi  19:40  
to be Yeah. So I was coming to that point. So once we have this versions, we can simply come and either regenerate or we can have a specific editor and simply edit this empty file here on the UI itself, so no need to go to any editor or something. So this will be an editable proposal layout, in fact.

Niranjan Bhambi  20:14  
So coming to the next we can have document ingestions also like right now, what we just did here via command line, we can say, simply provide a document path or folder path, where all the documents are there, and the destination directory for right Now, as it's a local one, but in future, if it's a SAS or it's a solution that we provide to some people, then it will be simply a path on our s3 or something. Means it's just a path to isolate it okay? And namespace is nothing. It's just a projects that we are working under right now. So supposing we previously, we had, like, create project. Project is technically a namespace, yeah? So something like this. So still generating In the meanwhile, if you have Mike, anything,

Michael Keene  21:19  
yeah? No, I love it. I have a lot of things actually, but so I think if, if there is some kind of predefined and dynamic config that could be. I really like how open clause memory system works. I don't know if you've looked at that project, you know, they have, you got a soul, you got an identity. And then you got, you know, these different type memory types. You have episodic and then, you know this, this more long term memory that is just, you know, a single flat file that gets appended and and overwritten. But, I mean, I think if, if you do like onboard, or you create a new workspace, right? You so onboard might be so a couple questions. So for one, could we create a cascading or overriding configuration management that might have preset file names, if they're dot MDs, or if they're, you know, yaml. So that's one thing. The second thing is there a, I think I see the ingest function, but I guess I'm wondering, is that just completely unstructured, or is there a way we could add structure and definition for long, long, running or reusable contexts, so somehow those you know there's either markup or you know it's it's structured In the YAML or in the the markdown where those things are essentially either reusable or persistent.

Niranjan Bhambi  23:49  
These are persisted ones and reusable. So ingestions is right now, just chunking and embedding impact and storing in a persisted vector data store right now. So based on this, if we have any specific requirement like this is proposal tomorrow, we may have just, based on multiple Excel files, we just want to generate one dashboard so we can have an another plugin, and based on those Excel or data, we will generate a summary and a dashboard, kind of Excel sheet or MD file, whatever the output we need, in fact. So it's quite flexible, right now. It's under in very initial stage.

Michael Keene  24:38  
Okay, yeah, that's, that's great. I'm just, my main thing is this, right? If we go in and there's, you know, petaflops of data, you know, in some on premise or in their data center, and, you know, we have to create our own, you know, ingest layer, that's that's smart, right? So we define patterns to actually crawl through create this context I'm just thinking through downstream, because these, these are, these are requirements that are already presenting themselves. So if we could create enough structure that, but just you know, an elegant structure that would not burn unnecessary context on the ingest or so, I guess part of what I'm asking, does there need to be an onboard beyond ingest, you know, like in front of ingest, so that you can answer some of these more where you can propose state management essentially, or at least how dynamic the structure should be.

Niranjan Bhambi  26:20  
So right now we can directly ask anything, but if you need some kind of questions and all we need contexting And so right now, supposing I can simply ask means I can so I can ask anything. This will make a LLM call. So it needs some context right now. So we have, right now, added the context to it, so because it depends on the requirements. So if you say chunking or see chunking here also can be of various kinds. In fact, we can, it depends on what we are ingesting. So right now, there is corrective chunking has been recently introduced. We can use that also, but it depends on the requirement. So if we want to ingest and we previously means we have some kind of UI where, or in the CLI, we pass some kind of parameters where we define this kind of thing. We can refactor this chunking also and embedding means, I think I'm not getting your exact point right now. So right, have a we can

Michael Keene  27:44  
have a different conversation. It's okay. Yeah, I'm, I'm simply so two things I'm thinking downstream about the config layer. And, you know, where does, how does, how do you keep this manageable, right? Just like I always think about just progressive disclosure, and, you know, thinking about this with a complex enterprise level client that has hundreds or 1000s of of, you know employees, maybe you know at least hundreds of active users on a given account. Where So, if we are, say, We onboarded someone that has, you know, tons of history and proposals. And you know, how can we create in dynamic instruction sets at various levels? You know, they might be, you know, global. They might be tenant level, they might be, you know, but they're, they're mutatable, right? I mean, they can, they're, they're very dynamic and fluid. But then there's, the further that they get down, you know, there's, there's overrides, right? There's, there's, it's just, there's smart, elegant overrides, the closer you get to the the end user context, or the proposal. You know you're just things get smarter, essentially, but I'm also thinking, and this is a thing for Omer, do we have a UI that is like, flow wise, or some kind of node based UI that can that can actually store and look at these instruction sets across onboarding, ingest, and even, you know, it can retrieve all these things. And then we got a UI that's like, generate, you know, I have this for and actually, a friend is working on one for more, for image and video generation. But I think it applies to us as well, right where, and I can show you examples of that, or you could just look up flow wise, or any of the other there's, you know, it's a common pattern these days.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
