Speaker 1  0:18  
You know, they can be how many walk through this? She's got his expectation.

Unknown Speaker  0:24  
Mike is back.

Unknown Speaker  0:27  
Okay, my apologies. So I

Unknown Speaker  0:31  
don't know how much you guys got it, but I think that

Unknown Speaker  0:33  
it's stable now, Mike,

Speaker 2  0:37  
I think so we'll see. Can you guys hear me? Yes.

Speaker 3  0:44  
All right, I'm going to cut off we can hear you, all right.

Speaker 2  0:48  
So yeah, I was just responding to Jay, just that. I think it's ultimately a mixture of kind of introspective expert agents that can talk to each other about these things, right? So imagine if you always had at hand the the foremost experts for a given query, right is, is really the world that we live in today? Right? Like we treat and use these, these large language models in that way, because now we have this, you know, natural human language interface that is tied to, you know, these incredible, just, machines that can, they can take this, this, these llms, and infer, you know, in real time, and create tooling in their given context that can then interface with each other. And now, just like software has kind of eaten the world now AI and all these problems and processes and systems and you know, but ultimately, organizations can you conversations can like now be adapted with this new potential and and I say all that to say, Yeah, part of it is The questioning, but the it's like infinite and exponential, because now we can like, have the like in a digital context. It's like all of the things that used to we used to be constrained by we no longer have those constraints. And it's really like a mind, because it's like we could go any direction, any way. It's just, I think if we can figure out the most valuable problems to solve where no one is really focusing there, then I think we have a we have unlimited potential, but I know I'm maybe going way beyond your question. I think it's it is in the questioning. It's just now we we don't formulate the questions. We just tell the system who we want to formulate the question. You know, it's like a you, here's, here's my question. Now you go and think through this, you know, with these other agents that are the, the most relevant experts for this, given task or request. Okay, okay,

Speaker 4  4:10  
so I think, Mike, it's your fire site test citing. In fact, by far sightness, this you are trying to create a solution for the problem that you are obviously these problems are going to come to the organizations in a week to week or a month to month in future, right now, in fact, with this all llms and all, so understand your from, where you are coming. I think what we understood, and we tried through this week, we are the right track. So let's just build and document processing AI, document processing engine based on that we can wrap a lot of other plugins, adapters, CLI, UI and and obviously, as Jay said, there has to be an human in loop, kind of thing, in fact. So it does not do means it will be an autonomous but obviously there has to be some inputs in between from the human also. What do you say? Mike, regarding this,

Speaker 2  5:22  
yeah, 1,000% I think that yes, like it, it context is still what matters the most, right? Like so if the the system needs to not assume too much, too fast. So it's always questioning its fundamental presuppositions, or like it's it's way of seeing. And sometimes it's going to be like, Okay, I'm the wrong agent for this job, and it's going to pass it off, but that is completely invisible to the user often, you know, and it the way that it does it. It's by asking questions. Fine, fine.

Speaker 4  6:19  
I think it's a huge challenge. So

Speaker 2  6:23  
well, but no, I don't know that it is, it's, it's, it's this. It's the same reason we, you know, like I was messing around with, you know, crew, AI and and L and, you know, it's the reason that Lang chain exists, and we've got kind of our own, you know, basically a way to version and, Like, create these workflows, if you think about, you know, why does, why do node based or, you know, I mean, it's, it's, it's, it's all just a giant decision tree, right? But now those decision trees can be created in, you know, real time. They can be tracked, they can be stored, they can be used and, and, you know, even restructured and, like, it's, it's, I think the main thing, I just didn't want us to get in some rigid, rigid cloud architecture that was going to no no, to, like, lose our ability or our agility, ultimately, in a changing, like, everything is just changing, so we gotta,

Speaker 4  7:54  
yeah, so that's the thing I told about that. CLI first, it's a no vendor lock in no LLM locking kind of thing. It has to be flexible enough to use any vendor and it can run on any machine. That's the thing that we should aim in fact. Yeah,

Speaker 2  8:23  
all right. And sorry if this boil the ocean, but, but Jay, I think for you, and I like if I think that this is a big there's a big potential opportunity, and I think it's if we could get, you know, a couple paying customers, I think that there's people that could use this in their organizations today, even as We've is we've currently built right meaning that it's people have proprietary data that they are not going to, you know, like, let touch a an LLM, and, you know, we can, we could allow them the potential to use these tools in a pretty effective and even custom way that adapts to them instead of them, you know, throwing out their whole way of operating, which is gonna, you know, I mean, that stuff's gonna happen over, over years. It's just, you know, can we, can we fast track it?

Unknown Speaker  9:56  
But yeah, I do think for

Speaker 2  10:01  
Jay Ken and I like just thinking through these in our business context, right? Like,

Unknown Speaker  10:14  
what is the most

Speaker 2  10:17  
what's the MVP? Right? Like, what is the first problem we want to solve. For me, it's like, I hate creating proposals. Like, I spent so much time creating frickin proposals, and it so and I see these companies spending so much time and money energy creating proposals, but I'm also like, I'm I'm not locked into that so well.

Speaker 5  10:45  
Mike, this, this might raises a point. There may be perhaps two stages. You know what you're doing, creating proposals. So you wouldn't so much need the wizard, because you know what to do. You need the tool to do the grunt work to make it more efficient. You already know the overarching structure. It's just that the grunt work takes time, and the tool would help with that. But so that would be the MVP, it seems to me. But that would be useful for people that are already highly skilled at writing proposals, like yourself. The larger goal that would be far more beneficial and profitable. Would be like to use an old term, kind of use some of the expert system knowledge that you have of how to write proposals in the overarching sense, and for that to become a wizard, so that the tool would walk a person that maybe wasn't so good at writing proposals through the process and also doing the goal, doing the grunt work, while being guided by the input. And a little bit like, like a Turbo Tax, where it asks the questions and you have to provide the answers, but then it knows what to do with them. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  12:03  
right, yeah, but that's

Speaker 5  12:05  
probably not the MVP. That'd be maybe the starting starting model,

Unknown Speaker  12:10  
yeah, yeah, but I think this, you know, it's how can we operationalize a

Speaker 2  12:18  
mixture of agents and that in a flexible way for a given you know scenario, which you know day one, it seems like we're going to focus on creating proposal decks, or, you know, which is ultimately documents of any type, right? Gamma is I mean, they've, they've raised $50 million right? And it's, it's a, it's a rapper, it's a, it's a junk, you know, it's like, it will, ultimately, you know, like, I don't know that, and I haven't kept up with that one, but there's, there's so many of these rappers, and I'm just trying to, like, let's not go down that path right where we end up just, you know, Death by the frontier companies, you know, just building this feature set in, right? I mean, I think we're going a very different direction anyway, but, yeah, I think it is. We're, we're really talking about two parallel tracks too, right? One thing is a a flexible utility that causes us to to not over engineer in the old way, right? Like, we have to stay so fluid and agile and,

Unknown Speaker  14:08  
you know, like,

Speaker 2  14:14  
because the reality is we could create in a just for us, for an example, right? I'm, I'm sitting with my friend who's dying, and, you know, we're just talking and dreaming, and you know, we're, we're going through photographs. His daughter's in the other room. She's got the computer up in full screen, so he can see it, and I can see it. And we're looking through, you know, 30 years of photos, and we're just like, Wouldn't it be really cool if when you are with the people that you know, you've shared a memory with in the past, and suddenly the photo pops or a reminder pops up is like, hey, you know, 10 years ago, you guys were sitting in this very living room and you took a picture. You know, would you like to see it? And, and it, and Dave, my friend, was like, oh, yeah, that would be great. We call it 10 years back, and, or whatever, and, and literally, in 20 minutes, I created the app. You know, not even, like, I was just playing around, and I was like, okay, we can, you know, we can, we could definitely do that. I'm actually starting to share it with you right now, but I'm not going to do that. But what I'm the point that I'm making is that that app will be able to be created in in real time, you know, like in in seconds, you know, it created an entire, you know, code base. It spun it up in Xcode, it, you know, and it, it, it had a planning agent, right? That went through and said, Hey, here's, here's the plan. Do you approve the plan? Yes, click, or, or, you know, yeah, you got everything right. But this one thing change that it executes it, and then it's just plan, execute, plan, execute, plan, execute, you know, that is ultimately the model of of how we build stuff. Anyway, it's just,

Unknown Speaker  16:39  
you know now,

Speaker 2  16:44  
there's a human in the loop, there's a human in the front, there's a human in the back, but it's the llms in the in the entire middle. And we just can't deviate from that. You know idea it's like, that is the new way to look at it. Okay, all right, well, we, we've beat the horse Swati did? Do we? I just really want to make sure that that the guys can be using Claude. I'm so sorry. I was just out of town. I contacted Christina to help you figure that stuff out, but I'm assuming we we still have some things to get done there.

Speaker 6  17:38  
I was busy on the call, and that day when we were setting up the email, and I didn't save the password of my account, so I completely forgot the password. When I'm trying to reset the password, it says it requires all the details. I think we need to set up

Unknown Speaker  18:02  
C name and all

Speaker 6  18:03  
your C name and everything in the main account. So that's why it's not letting me reset or maybe the other admin can reset the account. So I guess you're the other admin. If you can log into your account, maybe you can reset my password and share that with me so that I can create the password for other team members, email ids for other team members, okay, and for the Claude I guess Christina needs email ids for everyone so that she can Create Claude account. That's what she mentioned in the email.

Unknown Speaker  18:43  
Yeah, okay,

Speaker 2  18:46  
all right, well, I've got a few minutes. I can do that as soon as we jump off.

Speaker 6  18:54  
Guys. I was listening to all conversations. I know there are, there are, there are so many things that we can think of and we can, you know, desire to develop. But I just want to bring everybody ground to the ground, to the reality when it it comes to the sprint planning and all. So I just want to make sure that you all from the team and Mike are on the same page. I don't want to hear tomorrow that that you know confusion in your mind, that are we on the right track or not? I don't want to hear that because last week was literally very confusing, that whatever we are developing, are we going in the right right track or not. Just make sure if it requires another meeting with Mike to give him a demo of what you're thinking and what you're planning. Just do that. If it requires something else, let us know. But I want to make sure that we are on the same page, because I can sense that what Mike is thinking that is not what we're developing. It's little different from what he's talking and I also want to make sure that Mike knows what we

Speaker 3  20:20  
are developing.

Speaker 2  20:22  
So I think the bigger thing is, I want to make sure that we are developing with the right you know, it's more about it's not even as much of what we're developing, which I think is going to change and evolve. And the reason I explain that I created this entire application that would have taken six months in 20 minutes, I want us to be developing with that fundamental paradigm in time, right? Like in mind, like you guys can't keep working like we worked in the past. That's really the reality, right? This is not about like, hey, this sprint plan, that's right, we're going to be able to do sprints in 30 minutes. We're going to be able to conceptualize entire new products and categories, and, you know, like in, in, you know, very short order. And I just want us to now it doesn't now. My the whole point last week to even, you know, cause these things, and while we're beating the horse today, is because we like we have to fundamentally change the way that we think, right? And that's a hard that's a hard thing to do. So like, and we're going to have to remind each other of this constantly. You know, I'm, I'm the Chief offender, right? Like I it's, this is not like we are living in a a new world in terms of bringing products to market, and we, our fundamental mission is to help companies adapt to this new world. So so we have to adapt first, and it's it's okay. What are our first principles? And that's what we have been developing since last week. Like, okay, what are the what are the first fundamental principles? It's like there will be a lot more idea ideation, a lot more collaboration, a lot less going away and working in silos.

Speaker 2  23:08  
But I know that that's very up in the clouds. Swathi and you just want a project plan. I think it is. You know, we had to

Speaker 6  23:20  
project i I just want to sense that confidence in the team that okay, whatever we are doing at the end of the day, we are on the this is what is expected from us. So that's the whole plan I'm looking for. I don't need, you know, a big project plan, or three months of road map and all that is not what they're looking for, is that I heard that there was a little bit of misunderstanding or disconnect between what they were developing and what we discussed in Our last meeting. That's what I mentioned in in my email as well.

Speaker 2  24:04  
Okay, I haven't added Yeah. I haven't had a chance to look. I just want to clarify. I don't think that there's anything wrong with what we were developing. I think what we were saying

Speaker 6  24:20  
that leaf we have. But before that, you said I didn't get a chance to check

Speaker 2  24:26  
it well, but I want to explain something. Yeah, I didn't. I haven't read the email. I've been Yeah, but the point was, it's not about what we're developing. It's we're we're kind of zooming out for a second before we go further, and we will get back to that right. And we, you know, in the if we can't execute on a first principle systems and a fundamental kind of lightweight, bare metal solution that we can build back up from then we'll keep executing on on that. But my whole point is, I don't want us to be building some, you know, perfect solution when we can, you know, like we can actually not this is, this is the problem software as we knew it is now

Unknown Speaker  25:34  
just it's,

Speaker 2  25:40  
but I don't even know the best word it is, it's, it's disposable. Like, like the old way of software is disposable. We can create that stuff in, in, in, you know, very short order. We can we now, we can also create new, novel, like incredible experiences that we can polish and just take to the the the infinite level. So that's one path. But I think that there's like this, this kind of new fundamental paradigm that we can, you know, embrace that, we'll get a lot better, faster, further, and have more value in this new world if we, if we do that, that's what the reset was about last week. Is, is like, hey, let's, let's make sure that we're, you know, just really kind of, you know, doing the right the right thing. So, but while we've let's take five minutes. If there are any other questions or lack of clarity, let's, let's make sure that that we're on the same page.

Speaker 4  27:11  
So yeah, there was a little bit deviation since when we met last in fact, so we were in other direction, and you obviously gave this direction that we want something very flexible, very dynamic, Plugable, adaptable, kind of I think what we explained today matches your resonance. In fact, your frequency, what we are trying? Okay, so obviously it didn't got built in 20 minutes or something like that. But yeah, we are on that path. And since here we had some we'll see like types and all we means as a maintainable system. We follow some convention. That is what we are doing. And obviously with some more tooling and all, it will be more fast and adaptable, and we will have more it rates on this thing. So next time, when we be it, or probably next time. So you have a working prototype, you can test it. We can iterate that kind of process. We can follow. And I know that you are a little busy, and when we pray, we can have more frequent conversations regarding these things, tools and whatever we are trying to build, so that will be more connecting and means more aligned with what we are doing, and we will be more means with your vision, in fact.

Speaker 2  28:55  
Okay, great, yeah, and that's that, that's awesome. I think it's just yeah, all right,

Speaker 2  29:11  
yeah. So let's get you guys Claude code. You all be working. And I think that this is, this is important for Omer too, and for you guys like different so Omer now as a developer, and niran John So submit rotash. You guys are designers as well, right? So now

Speaker 1  29:38  
there's a paradigm shift you're talking about, right?

Speaker 2  29:42  
This is exactly what I'm talking about now. If we go back to the way that we were working, right, we lose that that re that reality. So, and that's what I mean, like, like, we have to like, fundamentally like test our like way of thinking, and, you know, in the way that we do that is, like, by saying, Okay, this is the way that I've done this always, like, I'm throwing it out and I'm just going to go in and I'm going to test all things. I'm going to, you know, Omer, if you don't have a Mac, we got to give it to you, just so you can use the Claude code interface on the apple, you know, like, we'll get you a Mac Mini. We'll do whatever we need to do, but, but that's just the new like, reality that we're living in. And a lot of this just came out of the Hey, we really need access to MCP out of the gate, you know. Like, we really need, like, just this kind of bare metal, flexible version that, like, can do this, that, or the, the other thing. And, right, a I use the open source idea, but I don't want you guys to get so locked into that. It's more about like, all right, how can we stay as nimble as flexible and fundamentally, you know, test all of our assumptions while we work towards creating this, this document management tool, but also context, ingest, data portability, like, there's just all these like kind of principles that, you Know we can, we can build around. And I just, this was a reset. It's not that what we weren't building wasn't right. It's just that we were devolving back into the in a new way, right? We're using figma for figma make. And, you know, you guys are, you know, using some of the tooling, but are we using it in the most advantageous way? Is just really the if we had to summarize any of it. So I think that

Speaker 3  32:13  
that's where it that's what it comes back to. It.

Speaker 2  32:29  
Okay? So we're going to get you guys. Everybody's going to be working with Claude, and you're going to be sharing workflows with each other, right? Like, a lot of talk and collaboration around, like, Hey, I just tried this. And this is a like, this is a game changing mind. Like, hey, you know, I think if, if we can get there and get out of silo mode, like, where, you know, rotosh is the Android guy and him and submit, you know, they live in Android Studio, and then they're in, like, in these things may be true, we may we may still have a preferred IDE, but we have to where we exist together. It's closer to the metal, and we have no constraint. We don't have walls.

Unknown Speaker  33:38  
Claude code, I we'll sync up next week. Sure, sure, I'm gonna do that right now. Yeah,

Speaker 4  33:58  
okay, great. Talking. You all, thank you. Thanks everybody, yeah, thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
