Michael Keene  0:04  
Good morning, everybody, good morning. Good morning. Good

Michael Keene  0:25  
All right, who are we waiting on? I'm traveling. I'm going to need to keep it to our window. Might have to jump a little after nine. Okay,

Niranjan Bhambi  0:51  
I think everyone is here, so let's start quickly. I do have a little less time, so let me just

Michael Keene  1:05  
while you're getting set up, just to kind of inform everybody, I just returning from Atlanta, had a great meeting with a large firm down there about using this and kind of further build out and also have solidified more of The relationship just to buy us some time with km, but we're going to need to start to really tighten some things up. But yeah, just just to give you a quick progress update,

Niranjan Bhambi  1:59  
that's good, and their work will be related to a document processing engine that we have built. It will be something else.

Michael Keene  2:07  
They're all proposals. Yeah, it's, it's, it's all, you know, ingest and proposals. They have a an internal AI person, but you know, you know he's, he's really a architect, meaning a builds buildings, architect that has been using various tools. I mean, he's not even really involved with their business development process. But, but, yeah, this would be all ingest and proposal generation, RFP, RFI, responses.

Niranjan Bhambi  3:00  
Okay, so, so we means Omer Sumit rotash and I, we all gave a thought of the lead configuration, the memory layer, which you told and the onboarding layer, before the injections and all. We had good brainstorming and discussions regarding that. So Omer has prepared a demo for that also. But what the overall thinking was like, we will have some kind of in the configuration level, like we have a global configuration, then we have organization, then we may have project level, then we may have a user level, and then we may have the invocation level. So like this is become, it becomes a cascading kind of invitation configuration, where the lower one obviously overrides the upper configuration. And it's basically like it provides clean overwrite logic and fact, and it provides flexibility, and for the rag, also for the memory concept, which you said so for that also we thought of means we did R and D for open open claw and all. So we are basically thinking of keeping like an organization, memory namespace that is a project, memory, user memory, opposite memory. So like this, it stores memories in JSON format, not in vector. Like like came digital. Prefer formal tone in fact. So this is one of the memory that gets stored, either project level wise, depending on the usages in fact, or probably avoid buzz like buzzword like cutting edge, include compliance and securities and all. So this all gets stored, missed it as we use it, or we can pre configure it also. So this is not yet implemented in the what you call demo, but we have basically done some POCs on this, okay? And apart from that, as you said, onboarding layer right now, we have simple upload, ingest and generate impact. So instead of this, we will provide a controlled enterprise ingestion where, basically, we introduce config resolvers, okay? We give some structured memory before uploading documents. We create, basically, we create a light workspace abstraction for each ingestion so that, and it depends if you have configured that means onboarding system, then the further documents obviously get adapted to that configuration. So that is also not yet implemented, but yeah, we have basically done the grunting work for that. So I hope this complies what what you were trying to say with in the last meeting,

Michael Keene  6:36  
and you're on mute, yeah. Just need to see it.

Niranjan Bhambi  6:40  
Yeah, sure, sure, sure. So before this we means I was trying to deploy this on km digital AWS account, but I think we have some our account is blocked, so I think you can ask someone to check I was not able to create easy to instance on game digital AWS account. So for temporary purpose, I have created one, and this is still under testing. So I purchased one domain because I was having issues with SSL for because without domain, you cannot have an HTTPS on IP address. You cannot use HTTPS. It's always HTTP. So I did purchase some small, cheap one domain, like product dot online, and it's there. I'm testing it. So once you configure your AWS, means if there is any blockage or something, I'll deploy there. Okay, okay, on your AWS, I can show also what problem I'm facing. So before this, what you will be getting in couple of days after we pick i

Unknown Speaker  8:06  
So,

Niranjan Bhambi  8:16  
okay, so right now what We have done is we have introduced couple of things, like an admin area where you can basically create namespaces, like, one is came digital I can create like,

Niranjan Bhambi  8:40  
once I create this, this namespace or the project is available to be used in our proposals, templates and injections, in fact. Okay, so another the memory layer that we were working is still like we can provide some kind of tones. Here we will create some boilerplate and which can be easily configured. So if it's a MD file or a JSON file, it's little technical. So we are thinking of having a UI layer, which is very simple, which anybody can use it. Okay, so namespace is there? Injections now have instead of command line, because we cannot give direct access to our easy to instance. So we have provided an layer, what you call UI layer, through which you can basically upload documents like I'll just upload so I'll upload and index it. So it will simply upload and index this document under this project, global, India. So this previous meeting, dot txt got uploaded. I can upload more like and I can do

Niranjan Bhambi  10:07  
so here there will be this onboarding layer where we basically provide some configuration before uploading. So that is what we are working so once I get indexed, I'll just move on to the next section.

Niranjan Bhambi  10:42  
So there are two files uploaded and indexed. In fact, like this, file got 11 chunks, we can upload more. Okay. So now, if I go and see km digital does not have any files global, and we are as three files, new namespace as one file I can delete also

Michael Keene  11:03  
if I want to here and John, why would those? I mean is this just your local system resources that are taking so much time to ingest the your local systems limitations, is that why it's taking so long to ingest such small files?

Niranjan Bhambi  11:27  
Yeah, yeah, and uploading is very fast, but it's basically chunking, also it's indexing. So that is what is the time consuming part. It's not just uploading. We can either do create it in two parts. In fact, we simply upload the file and then ask for asynchronous kind of indexing and chunking, embedding. Okay, so right now it's basically upload and index. So that's why, otherwise upload, this is fairly simple process. The complex process is basically embedding and Chauhan,

Michael Keene  12:06  
but we could do that in the background, yeah, that we can do. All right,

Niranjan Bhambi  12:10  
that we can Yeah. So another thing which basically we created is like for proposal generations, as we said, we have various templates. In fact, like we can create standardized template for each and every thing, like technical design and creativity. There's a default so I can come and simply create another template. Like,

Niranjan Bhambi  12:41  
I'll create one. It gives a busy editor I can change something, or let me just copy one. Or I can simply give one example and get it furnished by any AI tool. Or we can integrate Same thing here, like we can simply provide a small description that I want template such and such kind of template, and we generate it via LLM call and simply person edits it here, in fact, like and save it. So now we will be having more than so we have drop shipping also, which is editable at any point. Okay, now, if we go to the proposal section, we have this drop shipping and their requirements. Apart from that, we have another thing. I'm not generating another proposal because you're short on time. But apart from this, so what we can do is like, I'm here and I want to edit a proposal manually. Like, this is the section, and I want this to be like, simply, I just want to make some changes. I can do this and it gets saved, so it creates both ways of editing, like we are not only relied on LLM, we can make our manual changes also. So basically, like this is under review. We can approve it. We can so it goes basically through like a get kind of structure where we have given an access to our vertical accounts team to verify the costing and all okay, or a design team to verify the design section. And once they do their checks and balances, the final person can, we can create a multiple versions and approve it. So this is right now in this state, what I'll do is I'll fix the SSL issue and will give you the domain and the API key to use this, which you can basically Test and small fixes here, and then after testing so

Michael Keene  15:23  
Okay, great.

Niranjan Bhambi  15:30  
So this is as of now, so we will be basically working on memory configuration and onboarding layer coming forward in just that we have created the core logic now we have to implement on the UI side.

Michael Keene  15:49  
What about presentation layer output? Or, you know, final output?

Omer Bhat  15:57  
Yeah, we thought of like we'll generate the simple proposals first, then we can put it into the presentation layer, and then we can apply, say, branding, if we have branding rules, and then that can be applied. And then the desired output we need, like PDFs, or we need to deploy it some on some web domain or something. So they generate a link, then that that, that that will that that that layer will come forward after this,

Michael Keene  16:27  
okay, yeah, I think ideally it, you know, just be some type of either portable HTML format that could be for printable PDF, or just, you know, we're already got simple markdown, right? I'm imagining that just download,

Niranjan Bhambi  16:52  
yeah, means you can simply download the Markdown and we can insert this into the presentation layer. Or else, once it's approved, we can move, we can use this MD file, or this basically version, into the presentation layer. So I think we can separate that presentation section altogether, yes, based on projects and proposals, so that it's more convenient. Means, because it's a it will have its own look and feel it. Because it has to be it has to have a preview section also, or if it needs the configuration for looks, it needs the configurations and ability to upload assets, okay, and probably some links also

Omer Bhat  17:48  
and screenshots, from where it can take an inspiration and then generate in that fashion. So it can also inherit from the brandings and an organization, brandings, and then apply that branding style to the final presentation, layout, that sort of a thing.

Michael Keene  18:04  
Okay, what if, say I have this, you know, diagram, or some type of, you know, supporting element, how would we just be a markdown or So currently, like, I will do mermaid, and I typically just write it in notion, you know, just a mermaid text editor. Or, you know, sometimes it might be super complex. It might be like a, you know, d3 or, you know, some processing, or some kind of, you know, complex visual language,

Michael Keene  18:59  
like latex, or, you know, whatever. So what? Anyway, we don't have to, we're, you know, we don't have to solve for everything right now. I think the main thing though, is, what is the MVP, even if there is a, you know, general image support or some kind of but I guess markdown supports that.

Niranjan Bhambi  19:24  
So, yeah, I think first, let's ingest a markdown with some configurations and image assets support. Then later on we can give integrations or imports from mermaid notions or any other direct URL, also, like you can draw, drag and drop the image directly, or like you can do it in Niro or anything like that. Or directly, you can simply give the notion URL, and it will import the assets from there,

Michael Keene  20:04  
yeah, my big thing, though, is, right,

Unknown Speaker  20:07  
yeah, as long as it

Michael Keene  20:11  
has, yeah, just just as long as we are not defaulting back to old paradigm, Right? And this is AI native from beginning to meaning that, you know, we're not solely, like, I'm not physically writing mermaid diagrams anymore, or, you know, no one is having to do that, you know. But there's like, a little like, smart block that lives in the context of this, you know, UI, that's that has a handful of options, like, if we, I'll come right back. We can, you can take back over. But just to show I don't know who else does this, but Maybe gamma. Let's try gamma. So if we say i

Michael Keene  21:25  
because they do it with cards. Edit with agent, so add a charge. So there's just, like a little, you know, chat, simple chat interface, if we had context here. So if I gave this and I said, add a chart,

Michael Keene  22:17  
well, even the company, that just took 100 million in funding doesn't work great.

Michael Keene  22:35  
That's not really a chart, is it? Anyway? Never mind. Well, I

Michael Keene  22:46  
so, but you get my point, right? I

Niranjan Bhambi  22:49  
We did. I got it in fact. So we are also planning to introduce a specific agents under each and every sections, like for templates, we want to introduce a chat kind of interface where you don't have to do anything. You just provide some description, and it creates the template for you or it, you just provide brief, you upload an RFP and it, there is a specific agent for each and every section. Kind of thing we are planning for that, but I think that that will be too early right now. But first, let's just do the all foundation and granting work, which is like onboarding and everything, then we can introduce that next week. Okay, so great.

Michael Keene  23:49  
So Niranjan, and while you're creating this is this, this is still utilizing the underlying CLI, or we're kind of going a different no

Niranjan Bhambi  24:07  
for each and everything, it has a CLI command, and on that there is the API layer. So whatever you can do, why UI right now, you can use CLI also.

Michael Keene  24:23  
Okay, great, perfect. So

Niranjan Bhambi  24:25  
that that we kept it CLI first as a concept right now, but till now it's there, but means for this plugin right now, everything is like we have a CLI, but person can, person will have to, simply, we have to create as such bash script to basically do all the nitty gritties. And simply, we provide an open AI key, or any key or use and local or llama instance so that all is there, in fact, so it's flexible enough to use anything.

Michael Keene  25:08  
Okay, all right.

Michael Keene  25:17  
So if we can solve for memory, and then we can solve for some kind of portable, composable capabilities, skills, maybe like, you know, Claude or others. And we can continue kind of working towards those, ultimately making sure that we don't get into the same instance where you you know, because that our current problem, right? We could do all of this in Claude or figma or whatever, right? We, you name it, chat, G, B, T, the issue is, fluidity is a feature and a bug, so we can't repeat the same process twice. Yes, right? So if we can, you know, have long running, persistent memory and then fluid and flexible capabilities and skills in some kind of agentic just UI and where, because it's like we're trying to optimize for maximum flexibility, but also replication and controls now if, if we have, we have to figure out what to offload to, like a dynamic data structure that can kind of put some controls in place, and then what to offload to these, you know, these other components.

Michael Keene  27:33  
I guess I'm just trying to make sure we are all working off the same principles. I know we're early, but I feel like the repetition is is needed, meaning it's it's hard not to default back to the old way of doing things. Ultimately, yeah, sure.

Niranjan Bhambi  28:04  
And obviously, as you said, the same proposal can be generated, but we are giving a unified and repeatable way of doing same thing again and again with different documents. So here means there are three people in the company, if they use the same document, they will all come with three different style and tone and everything. So for that that we are giving a unified platform here which generates predictable outputs, it's not something that

Michael Keene  28:40  
layer, yes, yes, yes. The so they're overridable, there's overridable configuration. But we can, we can, you know, essentially lock those at the organizational layer where they can't be overridden.

Niranjan Bhambi  28:58  
Yes, yes, yes, yes. Okay. All right. Any other thoughts, I think we kept it quite quick, as per your timeline, because you have to, you are little. You're in little hurry, as you said,

Michael Keene  29:23  
Yeah, I'm just just traveling right now. I stopped at my grandmother's house on the way back from Atlanta. So any other thoughts? Ken, Jay,

Speaker 1  29:35  
nothing comes to mind here. So I mean, I'm just looking forward to seeing this in use and getting some, you know, live feedback from users that aren't in this meeting.

Michael Keene  29:51  
So how far are like? If, if you know, km? So we're we're saying, hey, km, we need a 90 days. We need a 90 day contract Of this amount, right? How far are we to being able to create a, say, an HTML version of, you know, something. Let's see what would add the most value, like, in terms of an MVP, I think a lot of it is, it's just in that presentation layer, like we need to, we need to use a one of the frontier models to be able to generate HTML output of a, you know, something like one of the ones we're already that we've already showed if you had to commit to a timeline to be able to do that, how far out do you think We are from being able to do something like that? I think,

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
