Good so you're busy, good, busy since, like, feel like I'm doing everybody else's job, so micromanage, having to, yeah, that's good with putting it so it's just mark leaving is kind of like, tough, just because we got a new account manager that's just, like, trying to get along board, like, with these snow storms, they're good for us, like, money wise, but like, there's just, there's they kind of like, delay what we're supposed to be working on. It's like, it's like, you know, something big comes up for you guys, where it's like, all hands on deck, and everything gets, like, focused away, and you got to reset, and everybody's still expecting everything to get done. Yeah, well, it's like, assuming this last one for Monday. Everybody's freaking out. We need to solve everything. And we got, like, way too much salt over here now, like, what? Here now. Didn't get snow here?

Why? Yeah, there were, it didn't really snow. Sounds crazy about it, but it didn't, didn't like

in Fairfax, yeah, oh yeah, I was coming from the airport. It was like, these were over and done, where your house is bad, nothing, and usually we have the most, yeah, yeah. So I don't know it was good, that first one was really tough, but it's just, like, kind of unusual. We've never had stuff like that for Yeah, it was hard. Like, sheens guys tired, all that stuff. So, I mean, believe it or not, like, I don't know if you guys all met Marianne, but like, I call, I texted Mary Ann at like, one o'clock in the morning. Was like, Hey, if you she'd always jokes about plowing. And I was like, hey, it's always a joke. Like, this is something you actually want, but if you actually want to do it, like, there's truck open, and, like, to her credit, she like, because some she jumped in, she like, showed it at three o'clock in the morning, like, you know, so our designer, like, in there. So it's kind of like, I mean, of course, she like, packed into something, but, but it was, like, the intention, it was pretty cool, because it was like, the guys got, like, the way that they got really tired, real quick, really early, which was kind of like, it's always kind of hard, like, it's hard on a storm like that to last so long. Because it's like, yeah, certain people, I can go like, 48 7070, hours, but then like, like over 24 hours, essentially. But then there's certain people that like, they're done like, 24 hours, like, and if they didn't like map, it started on a Sunday, and if they didn't map before, then they would like, they were, like, already hung into a tire. So it was an interesting event. I have to say, I'm not as prepared as I wanted to be, in regards to, like, the really one of the big questions, like, was the like, what is it? What is the value of the client? And like, how much like, how we're going to structure this year is going to depend a lot on what we think is like, kind of like, when we look back to last year, this was like, Google ad spend, and what it was, what was worth, and what wasn't. And I think that that same question arises, and even more so because of how well I think the SEO stuff work, the work that we did on SEO did like, on the organic side, but on the back end work like, how well that did, like, I think that question comes up more, and I just can't do it all myself. So I think that, like, I try to get someone on our team to do it, and they think they kind of struggled with understanding the different data points to do it. So it mean, if that was something that, you know, I could have you guys meet to, you know, even if it's like, paying a little bit extra to have you guys come to office and just be like, hey, we need this point. We need this point. We need this point. And like, this is how we bring it all together and spend like, half a day together just to, like, come up with a process, and then we set up our queries and stuff that, like, we can save all that. And then the data is, like, it's a report exactly, I think that might be worth the money, because I just can't do it myself. Yeah, I think along those lines, what we're doing too, and we're doing, we're gonna do this for southern few other ones, but we're gonna come in and audit workflow stuff, because there's some things that we're doing internally, even for am with AI, where it's like, it's basically taking some of the manual steps out of the process of our workflow, maybe proposals, like, what I've talked to you about before, and some other things. So we could potentially couple it with that, where it's like, yeah, we'll get that report dialed in. But then also, like, there could be something that comes from that to be like, Hey, here's some things you can do internally. And also maybe something that they develop for you as an option? Yeah, I think on that regard, I think part of it's trying to, like, on the workflow side is like, lead flow in. It's like, right now it's still automated. It's not automated to, like, set up appointments or that initial response, yeah, that response isn't happening fast enough for me as like, what my expectation is. So whether that's again, like, we still need to make more hires in the company, but if we can automate that a little bit, like, that's a workflow item that definitely, you know, there's so many add ons to that you guys could, you know more about, that you could, could help with that. I think, I think that, I mean, in the last even a couple weeks, we've been developing cost calculators and all sorts of random stuff that, like, could eliminate a lot like, basically, for your clients, where they come in, yeah, meeting schedule, they got a message back, and then they're also like, Hey, if you want to pre kind of just plan your your project. Here's our, our custom calculator, and they can, like, mess with it, download it, and then it identifies you again, like, Oh, hey, they're thinking about this, even if they're just messing you know. So there's a lot of things, I think, from, like content and interesting information, and then setting you up for success, even to call them for the meeting or whatever, where it's, like, you're a 50% of the way there, versus, like, starting fresh at the time, you know? Yeah, so initially, I don't know if we want to, like, spend money on all the AI proposal stuff, but I know that they're using just like, seeing it like there's different ways of making things a little bit more efficient, and, like, making sure you can actually take advantage of and qualify leads from the get go, but do it in an automated Yeah, I think that is the first like, what was hanging fruit for you guys is the customer journey animation. And it's just like, everybody got a construction we get them all the way there before they meet. So it's like just getting that set up. So I guess I want to start the meeting by saying, I'm sorry wasn't prepared. That kind of gets, I think I on the way, like, last night, and then on the way here, when I was, like, realizing that I wasn't going to be working, I think it made me just better to, like, have you guys come to the office, and whether it's that forces me to sit down with some one of the members in the team, or it's Like, or it's like, three, three people in me, meet CC, and then someone, and then me, and then kind of just we get it done. There's some time that's spent just CC and sometimes spent with me in it, that would be well worth the time. Okay, we can map, we'll map out what that would look like. I think either way, we kind of know what we're doing, what we're proposing for clients going forward, just because we know kind of the need, the adjustments that we're needing to make for AI, not only launching stuff on your site, social, YouTube and all the other platforms. So I think what we'll do in this meeting is kind of talk about what we're going to propose for this year and kind of move it forward. So Ben, I'll let you kind of jump in and just talk about this new kind of pan authority, show platform stuff. And then Clark, we can roll through what that might look like for you, and then look at

some of the things that we're doing too.

The first picture frame TV that I ever saw. Like, now I like,

I had no I first, I didn't really know it was like, it was actually like a thing. And then now it's like, yeah,

it was, like a picture of a car, or like, a bunch of cars up there. And I just thought it was the actual TV buy for like, two months.

Have you ever seen them set up on like, stands, like, it's a canvas? We were, my husband and I were at Airbnb, and I knew what it was, that's a TV. He's like, No, it's not, like, it's a TV. I want to frame my TV.

So those are the ones, oh, yeah, you should be it's really cool. Those Frank TVs.

Yeah. So what we're talking about here, this is a thing called the win name and Pam so central platform authority mapping. The idea behind it is that we do like one long form bit of content, so say between two to 5000 words all around one topic to go alongside that will be one really long video to kind of back up all the stuff that we're saying that one really long post. And from there, we'll take that really long post with all the different subsections in it, and break that out into like, 10 to 12 different sub posts and post them everywhere. And also, like, cut down that really long video so that each one of the posts has got their own tiny little video in it the last 30 seconds to a minute, something like that. And the idea behind it is with the growth of AI and the way how Google search is going and more people are using chat duty and Claude and stuff like that, the more places we post things that showcase your expertise and experience and like trustworthiness in like all the well in particular one area, if we start with this one area Rather than going forward, then the more likely you are to show up if someone's searched on chat, GPT, if someone searches on core, if someone's searching on Google, goes to YouTube and like, it's like, how you do this, or like, depending on what topic it is that we go with. So what we've got here is this is just kind of like a outline as to what that could kind of look like. So So

also, just give you some more perspective, like, what we've done in the past for you and other clients. Like, alright, yeah, we're gonna do two shoots a year, four shoots a year, and never have, like, people get busy, it's harder to stand up. So rather than doing that, like, if we just pick one pillar topic, we'll come out and shoot one time, and it will be a longer form piece that then cuts down, and then we are able to use that on social we're able to use that across the site, and we create this like masterpiece concept make you guys look like a subject matter expert, which starts with the video within the longer form content, and then funnels down to all these kind of sub topics and then gets pushed out across the board on multiple platforms, not just a website. So this is kind of what we're

doing for content, sure. So this is a little like competitor analysis, just seeing like some of the competitors that you have like around here, these may not only ones that you've considered like direct competitors, but they're ones that I've just kind of found that some of them have got pretty good like Domain Authority scores a couple I found in the initial like messaging platform that we broke a couple years ago. So this is just like looking at them, what they're doing, seeing their like, you know, seeing what they're doing well, seeing what they're not doing too well. So you can see, like, cane landscapes as an example, the domain rings pretty low. And this is saying that they're not content X are not really doing too much. Same with Blackpool. But then there's rockwater, who are doing a little bit more. There surrounds landscaping. They're also doing some more. Russell landscaping got a decent, like, authority score. They're also doing, like, a little bit. But no one's really trying to do this sort of thing when they're talking about one topic and just trying to film it. So we're

going to be like, this will probably be a year ahead of anybody else in the market, where, like, people are going to keep doing blogs, keep doing landing pages, but they're not thinking about, like, pushing it out to Reddit and social media and YouTube and like, a few different platforms so that basically create this web, because that's what Google is doing, chat, AI models. They're not only just looking at like what Google used to do, they're looking at YouTube and Reddit. Initially, on this channel, they bring all that information together, then they deliver their answer, versus just like what Google is doing. Just kind of scary. This will honestly. So basically, the big, bigger thing is getting to, like the pillar top Yes, right, based on what we know this and the research that we've done, here's like the main top five right, where we would probably focus on

one Sure. So, like, each of these are kind of like their own like piece. So we, like, say, you signed up to do two of these a year. So like, the first six months, we focus on, if you want to do outdoor business races, we can focus on that. And then that would be like the main if you scroll down on business as an example, that would be like the main thing for the year. So it'd be like giving different ideas. There's just some keywords to kind of go along with it, and underneath that, there's a bunch of suggestions.

And this is volume per month per location across the US.

So obviously we wouldn't be getting 29,000 for Puglia ideas in Latin county or Fairfax County, but less than that, yeah, but that's what that means. So this is kind of like a brief outline. Just go up just a tiny, tiny bit, just about green. So, like the main pillar piece could be called something like the complete guide to outdoor business, North Virginia patios, Puglia kitchens and fire bits. That's pretty long, so we probably got to shorten that down, if we actually made it. That would be the main one that would have like 2000 plus words in it, and that would kind of touch on, give, like a little summary to each of these different things, which would then go out and write an actual post about, eventually and post out about those, like once every month, twice a month, things like that.

And all these would not only have just a post or a page, but it also have a video that was added to it that would be pushed for social media that you could use on your email. Like, basically, you create all the assets that we need upfront. So we're not, like, every three months trying to do a shoot or whatever. We're like, we're doing a big push, probably right in the beginning of the season, where we capture all the things that we need to capture, get all the content from you, and then we're able to, like, kind of go away and be a mad scientist, either to crank it out and then push it out. So, like, real quick, just looking back at these top topics, what? What is the one that's most appealing to you? It's most likely, I think, in your budget range, you're probably looking into it one, just trying to fill in one. So have all this, is it? Is there anything here? Is there something that you don't see well? So I was kind of kind of asked, is like, downside you're only going to get one? Like, it's where all your need flows come in from then. Well, it's like, you're kind of narrowing yourself in some ways that too. And like, we've kind of seen that in other elements of like the marketing, in the sense, like, where we're maybe we're getting something, but like, it's not necessarily what we need, either at that time, want at that time or that we it's not the way we put it. But like, you know, and you know, we really want to be selling this at that time. And it just like when the SEO is doing really well, which is what this is like, kind of a focus on. It's new SEO, right? It ends up by kind of being very selective. So I guess, like to answer your question, it would be like, essentially, like the an outdoor living space can be seen. If that's what's looked up a lot, then that's the, that's the the other word for saying, like, plant installation, hardscape, different things like that. Those are the, those are the services where you'd be trying to target. So that's what, you know, what we would be that'd be like the big construction enhancement stuff that we're trying to, try to do. And then I think it's like the the lawn and the lawn and grounds maintenance, because that's the other pillar of the business. So it's like the plant installation or the design install, especially, we probably see to be a lot of the newer construction, but like, design install stuff, and then then the long, long maintenance, I don't think you want to, like, exclude yourself from that. So I guess that's my pushback. The question is, like, how do we make sure you don't exclude yourself from that, and then we're, as I kind of said, like, especially if you do this, if you really uniquely position for, like, the whole stormwater drainage stuff, which would be like, essentially, yeah. So the question is, is, like, this is main topic at our living spaces. Does it cover some of those things we've talked about? Where those can be subtopics, we can do the research to see, hey, this is actually warranted because it is providing more search, right? We use those numbers you see on the side, yeah. So, like, we can tell you, like, hey, people are looking for pergolas, right? And if we just have a topic about pergolas, you're going to show up, and most likely they're going to do these four or five other things. So I think it's really just drilling in on that. So if we do make it more impactful, I think, honestly, like, the effort that will go into creating this stuff. I get you would probably want to do too many topics, but we don't want to, like we want to do this test it for six months. We know that it's going to do well, and then from there, you should see some success, where it's like, yeah, let's go ahead and turn on number two. You know, it should be like us every six months type of thing.

And just to bounce off that too, by doing this is not taking away from all the stuff we've like previously done. So any stuff that like, any growth that we've had in, I know there was a time where it was like sport culture, again, a lot of like, inquiries about that, and like drainage things or stuff like that, they'll also still come in like, this isn't taken away from that. This is just trying to help you grow in the main areas that you want to grow in. So if that is like I've done spaces like factories and like other areas of that topic or label on grounds maintenance, if you wanted to focus on one of those two, it would just help grow that, rather than take away from,

yeah, basically just helps you those topics which, right now we have a very broad coverage, right? We're like, turning in everything, and now it's like, alright, we got a good coverage. You're really well for me, even snow stuff. It's like, please turn the ads off. I'm like, I can't control that. It's not pushing ads. But he's like, I'm getting a call a minute, like,

notifications at the start of the week for like, the previous week of performance and stuff. And when that core element came through for you guys, it said, like,

that's crazy. It was insane. It was literally like, like, like, Tuesday I like, checked it because it was when I, like, went to call you again, Chris, I think I've already texted you once. Yeah, went to call you. It was like nine o'clock to 948 I think we had like, 44

calls. Oh my gosh,

it was. And keep in mind, like they're all, like the main line still, like, backs up to my aunt, so I still get it, just in

case, because yeah, and my phone, like, felt like it was gonna blow up. Seller was, like, on fire, like, because I had not only had those calls, but then, like, my regular calls,

like, had to mute the application for the main line. It was just like, it was since I haven't ever seen anything like it. So I've never seen

anything like that. So as

as we're seeing this stuff, right for AI, like the need to do this is forecast, like some of the old ways, even more bus goes up, like, a year or two ago, it just doesn't have the impact that it needs to be. And from our perspective, like hounding you for shoots and all that stuff, this doesn't make sense. So we can do, like, a bigger piece to be in. It makes a lot, lot more a lot more efficient on our end, and we're able to just, like, run behind the scene versus, you know, yeah, I guess it's just I have to be I guess that my question and my comment is just that, like, sometimes it's like, we gotta be really specific to like, what like. So we have to figure out how what the keywords are developed to what we want to say or what we want to do. So it's like, we want to do planting, or we want to do patios. We don't. We could care less if we do, like, a permit, for example, even though, if that's what everybody's looking up but we don't end up with, like, a bunch of these referrals that we don't really want to deal with. We've spent all this money on something that's not actionable. So I think, like, you know, papers to papers to flags. Now maybe, like, it's like, a good thing to hit, like, it's a sub topic, but just, but we're like, you know, planting then hard escape is kind of how, like, how our order design kind of going from there. So it's just Yes, if we can make it specific that it's actual, then then it makes sense to be all in. But if it's something that ends up, like, where we have a bunch of stuff we're not, yeah, because it's too focused, too specialized on one item, then that's where I'm kind of like, oh, it'd be good to have a balance of the two maintenance we know we're always going to do, and there's going to be a push, if we want to be the forefront of the push in the spring, which is Like, happening now so and then, and then the other stuff kind of goes from here. What good thing is, is, like, we have all the data and the research, right, so we can, what we're going to do is we'll talk through this, talk about two other things that most likely propose, and then from that, we'll, I'll send you, like, a customizable proposal where you be like, hey, yeah, here's the topics I want to focus on. Here's the head on that I want, and here's the budget type thing. So it's a good idea, in a sense of, like, the principle behind it makes sense, and the shift and change and thought makes sense. It's just like, in the sense of, like, you guys are altering how you're changing doing stuff, got it, but I'm trying to just a little nerve wracking. It's like one, only one thing, all of our stuff's like, on that one thing, like, what happens is, like, something changes later this year, as far as, like, economics and politics, and then we're, like, fully invested on, well, it might, it might be, like, versus just owning one topic, it might just be going a little bit deeper on three or four topics, and we're only hitting, like, rather than 12 posts, we're doing like two or three sub posts, and we depending on what the effectiveness is, I mean, yeah, yeah. Ultimately, we don't want to just, we don't want to waste your money on it, right? We want to make sure that, just like the snow Google, right? Like, there's clear value in that. The effort on our side wasn't as much. Could be a little bit more specific to that service, but this, that's what kind of So, yeah, ultimately, for you, most likely one color content piece, we rolled out probably in the six month process. And if we wanted to tackle we could, but, yeah, that this is just all the data that goes with it. Ben has been kind of digging into a little bit and customizing for kind of your brain. It's cool.

Yeah, it's good. Um,

the other kind of other things to talk through for you. I mean, all the base stuff, like with that, if we did a topic or a couple topics, and do the proper shoot, we want to get enough content where we didn't have any issues with content for the year, right? Ultimately, with that kind of flow. We can define all the things that we're going to push. We can kind of go and do our thing. We can do social media stuff. We do emails if we wanted to. But I think, looking at this process, define it. I'll put some numbers behind it too, so that you can, like, mess with it, add like, what we've done for you, for southern we took it through this, this process and kind of proposed other things they're doing, like past management, right? They're doing listings, reviewed management, they're doing emails, they're doing social media. So I gave it to them and say, go ahead and build your pollution looks like, right? We know that like, this type of effort is more of an upfront cost, but we're still carrying through 12 months.

This is, like, the same thing as, like, a rebuild a website like those last year. Well, for

you now, this is just a different way of us doing SEO. This is the new SEO. Like, we're not even offering, like, what we're doing the refresh for your site is something that I'll put in there. It is something that I would highly recommend, because, I mean, the site needs to be done every couple of years. But not, like, it's not as big as a list. It's the first time, right Ben, that's just trying to understand the budget right now, like, I know that. Well, maybe you guys come up with other things. It's just I didn't really think that that would be like that such a big lineup. What was the last drink? 13, $15,000 for that, for the for the refresh, just that month total, yeah, it would, I mean that, I think what we're doing is like, it's like 80 to 100 hours or something like that, to bring them into because yours, your psychology site now, like four years, yeah. So there's some things, I mean, even from an optimization, anytime we did like a site, like selling, but we're on their third site, every time we

did it, what was their big jump in? Like, impressions, yeah, clicks take, like, a tiny bit of a dip, because sometimes it takes, like Google to it takes Google with a time to pick up, change what happens. But then once it does pick it up, takes up.

Yeah, it's like, we've been maintaining just, like, maintain a car type thing, but then once you do, like a refresh, it's like, All right, well, here's a few different things that AI is doing what's affecting this type of, like, there's things that we would fix that we really like added there to do a refill. So I'll look at that and kind of put a number to give a loop on it too, just to see, like, if we did a refresh, what's the pros and cons doing it? So that will be a piece, this new SEO kind of pattern, like the stuff that we're doing here will be a piece your regular like, what I was talking about, the regular things, like the ads and listings. So before we move on to this. How are you able to know that? Like, that this is gonna say it's gonna work. Like, in other words, how do you know that the AI models will change in, like, if you're slowly Ben solely invested in, like, one, one plot, kind of platform area, like, how do you is there certain ways that they're being built, therefore you know that they're not going to change essentially? Or, like, how do you, like, maybe that's really stupid question.

It's less a good question. And this, if anything, this is kind of like future proofing, because these AI models, they do change a lot. Like Claude brought out a new version of one of the voice things about two weeks ago, and then I know another couple months, I bring out another word. Chatgpt is updated all the time and stuff. So they're always getting their sources from completely different spots. Like, they're pulling things from Reddit. Like, I think couple years ago they were like, well, last year, they're really focusing on pulling some Reddit quotes and stuff, whereas in towards the end of last year, they moved away from that, a little bit more from, like, blog posts, and then they started moving away from that, getting them from social. So it's like, if we start doing something like this, where, I guess we've been doing blogs for you, and we update content like every now and again. We'd like, what keywords are like relevant in that moment, if we kind of like, really dig into one of these different areas and show your experience and your knowledge on as much as what we can about that one topic, it'll really help from like that perspective, because even if chatgpt does shift from looking at Google to looking at being or from, well, sorry, Bing, or from, you know, Reddit to YouTube and whatever, you'll have content on All of these

different places, and the the search on like, what you guys are seeing, as far as like, not just overall usage of like, people using AI, like, I know that that's going up, but like, it's searching, like, for our form of leads, I think that you've seen that jump up significantly as well. I mean, I noticed on my call around stuff like that. But like you guys, have seen organic growth

through through, through

the AI models.

And what we find too, is if someone ends up clicking on your site through like chat to your Claude, they typically already learn all the research into you and like your company. So when they click on your site is to, most of the time buy something. So I think like, the event right on, like, what's called them, Google Analytics, if someone's clicking on your website, just like, through Google, like, that's great you get a click, and you can see, like, the journey that they go through. But if they go to your site from a chat, GPT, like, citation, most of the time is to go and like, contact you, because they've already, like, we don't see what they look at before all that, but we can see, oh, they went to this way from chat. GT, okay, yeah.

And also, like, we're from, like, how do we know this is gonna work? Just a lot of people are gonna get keep running the same SEO playbook until business. And with everything that we're doing with AI, we building AI products and stuff like that, we know kind of how it's tackling some of this. And even, like we said, chatgpt versus like Google, like was the chatgpt? Like 8 million, 8 million searches a day. Google's at like, 207 something crazy. But like, as you see that in the crazy, like, Google's gonna drop. And then does that include like, so when they say Google was dropping, this is just general knowledge. Does that mean Gemini? This thing that happens at the top of the Google search, does that count as Google Gemini? Or does that count as a Google search? So, like, the answer up top, that's all Google search is. Gemini is a separate program. Gemini is that their their program, but it's still like, even people go under there and not so what's happening to impressions, right? Fairly. Tell them about progressions,

and then I'll jump back to that. Yeah. So back in September, I'm pretty sure, September, before this big change happened, Google would like send a bot and give an impression, but pretty much any URL that was showing up in the top 100. So that's like, what 10 pages worth of like stuff on Google. So you can

count as an impression even if you're on the 10 page, which doesn't really add anything value, right?

But then they change the parameter. So from sending that bot to those top 100 URLs, they sent to just the top 20. So from there we were seeing like, so many dips in impressions. Because, you know, if you had one post that was shown up and it was ranking like 82nd Yeah, before it was getting an impression, but then suddenly it just like, stopped. So a whole bunch of people's like all of our clients, very much when they click their impressions, just like dipped, but the clicks stay pretty much the same. It was just the impressions.

Yeah, so that's like that, even the Gemini like summary thing, that's where we want to show up. It's because, like, people are looking correct at me, like they're not going, it's like, oh, Lucy Clark, can help you with this. Here's the number. So, like, we want to make sure, basically, that you guys are throwing up that. And to do that, we need to get on YouTube all this stuff, right, Google Search, Google Maps, reviews, YouTube, AI answers, like, with doing the content in the right way. Now with this, like, we used to just post it on your side as a blog post, right, and live on your side. Now we are going to basically have all the content we need to push it from there to the different platforms too. So it's like, anytime we push anything out, it's going it's going to record, okay, so then just quick question kind of going sidetrack on, like, the pattern to do it. You said, like, a big spend on like photos at the beginning of the year, as opposed to, like, breaking them up, which we kind of like we did when we did the photos last year, or, yeah, last year is like, more like we pay for a shoot, and ad hoc like, so this is also, is that incorporated into the line item of the big whole thing that you're doing, or is it going to be another thing for like? Because I guess when I look at like the budget and like, what I know that our budget is, or what it's going to kind of roughly be, or what we spent last year, like, I have a line item for shoes, because then there's also all the shoots of like, the one off stuff, like projects and like, we have, like, two or three that we didn't really like, we didn't end up taking last year that we like, could go back and get or they like, could, you know, those would be one off pieces that we do for the pillar topic and the topic of content we want to make, we need to do A shoot, so we're including it in the overall process. Okay? So it will be, like, whatever this price looks like, like, it'll be kind of fun. So to be able to have enough content for all social and everything that you were talking about, some part of the pillar, so I don't need to, like, we don't need to plan, because, like, at the end last year, you guys were like, hey, neat content. Yeah, it's really, really bad, right? So this, this would still basically, if we say, hey, you know, we're gonna go with this pillar content. This is the topics. Here the topics we're gonna hit. Here's the voiceover that we're new, or the questions we're asked. And it's gonna be like a five and 10 minute piece. And then we capture all the stuff we need so that we get in to cut it down. And with that, we'll also be doing photography so that things coming into featured image or person, like, anything on social. Like, we'll have everything we need up front to kind of push it out, and then anything, if there's, like, additional things that you want to shoot, or whatever, that would be just like, ad hoc as needed. Because, you know, like, oh, we can plan it before. We're never going to get four do something ad hoc. Is it like back? Like, do you still incorporate it into the social or do you still incorporate it into the like, the so like, into like, the posting, I guess, which would just be social or email, really, I would think that it doesn't pull away from what you nothing is that it's added. It's basically like, if we get those type of things, yeah, we want to push it out, we'll be treated as like a one off campaign when it happens and it's like, hey, you know, here's a new project. We're going to feature this project that might be its own email or its own social posts or whatever, or, I mean, obviously, but this is like, the main driver, which should cover about 80% of stuff that we would want to push anyways. And it's going to be like, way more impactful than anything that we've done in the past. Because it'll be like, we have really good coverage from the beginning. Yeah, so does it cut back on the ads? Ben at all? Or no, um, I mean, I think what we need to do is really do that attribution thing. Because like, I can put like, for example. I mean, what I'm trying to say is like, so up until now, my knowledge of it is, is, like, the more that you you have a teeter point you spend your ads, but at some point it helps, like, the organic will take off. That's the way that it was always described, and you guys described it does AI completely change that volume, or does it, in other words, like, Can we do this thing? Is it restarted and, like, we have to have the ads to be able to get to that like, I think trigger point with ads, it's all ads is like you want to like organic is a slow growth, like, over time, if you're already seeing like, positive growth or Great Falls, all the different things, that's something that you just run constantly investing, because it's going to continue to bring ads. This is an example of what we did for one of our clients. When we get the right data, right the attribution, I can show them, based on their ad spend, like, what, how many leads are coming in? They can tell me, Hey, we're closing about. So this is like monthly ad spend, right? I can build, we can build a calculator for you, specifically for ads in your entry, if we have the attribution dialed in. So like this, right here, $3,500 a month, their annual and even that's like annual, like client value for you, but we're still working on that. Say it's whatever you might not be doing, but this is what that looks like. And then say, if a lead comes in, and how often does he close this? Right? We'll say 10% and then we're gonna run up to 12 months, which is just normal ads. So this, for this client, they spent 3500 a month. They're getting 38 leads. If they close only 10% of that, that's 3.8 clients. The value of that per month in revenue is $30 right? So like we once, we have those that reported from you. I think we could put this together, but, yeah, you want to spend more ads like, we have the math right? We know that on average in the last few years, this is what the close rate has been, you know, and then you're like, Oh yeah, we're slower turn up at or, like, turn a Ben or whatever, so, because part of us is, like, the quality of the ad, right, the ad, and like, in the sense that, like the SEO stuff, just and or like the principal, just, like them seeing us, like, 100 different times, and then like it comes in through organic, like, like branding, just branding, not forget about AI, like, that portion of like marketing, like, there's just so much more value in those clients than right guys in the Google ads. And I, I mean, there's a question going in last time, and it was just my same question. But I guess I just some point it'd be nice to, like, kind of we spent. I got the numbers. It was 20 something 1000s last year for Google ads and then, like nothing in Facebook, but like 20,000 really, like made its money back. We should. We should be able to track that, especially with CallRail and everything. We should be able to like yours, and we can, but it's not like, if I wanted to take that $20,000 and put it into this and or, let's put a different way and revamp the website and take 20,000 put it and revamp the website instead. Yeah, I guess we just have to, like, I'm really interested in doing that and cutting out that, but I don't want to sacrifice all the the I don't want to sacrifice, like, either all the work that we have done, all the work that we're doing, like the chain, like this change or something like that. I just, in my mind that we need to get to that. But in my mind, a lot of times it's also like, like, we had a client call to pay a bill on Google guaranteed the other day. Like it was just paying a $200 bill. Yeah, so, I mean, essentially, we rang the credit card and we pretty much, I mean, I don't know exactly how much those these costs, but, like, the guarantee, do guarantee from an existing client, all he did was he paid a bill and was like, and I answered it, which is even more expensive. So it's like, like, so in other sites, my time. So, like, you know, essentially, yeah, spent however much money on just doing that stuff, like paying, like, payment flow from your site. You know, there's a lot of things that can be done, yeah, should be rendered once we did really well. We grew a million dollars, which was not expected. So it was up at like six, five. It was snow. It was over last year. Yeah, we had in the beginning of the year, and it was like a big snow, yeah, yeah, yeah. That was our last winner. And that was really cool because, yeah, that was, I mean, that shoes ended up being pretty cool. I was cool to be able to see you guys use it this year too. And I think you'll keep using it like, you don't really need to get a lot more content, but like for that, but, but that was a big snow year to it for us. It was like, a little bit over another half months it was like, so last year was big. So we got a we do have to kind of repeat it. And I think the difference was last year is we kind of had the crews that we didn't have before. So like, we were trying to keep guys busy, meaning we had to sell work and we needed the lead flow, whereas before, we didn't really need never before that, we really didn't need to leave those I think like Mark, that was just one feedback. And thought, as we, like, head to next year or this coming year, it's like, if we get more people in the right places than L and C, like, we'll start to really need the lead flow as because we have the running the number of like, enhancement project crews running like, we need the project work in the market, we're going to start really needing the marketing, as opposed to like before it was just kind of like helping develop the brand and all that stuff, because we're adding more people that need the order to sell right but

now I think what we can do is we'll prioritize everything, like from a price perspective, like what we would touch, because We are going to, like, to more of a fully managed process on our end, like, with less effort. From your side, we do a lot of upfront, like, strategy, and then we kind of hit it, just because we know you guys really want to know what you're kind of going after. So, yeah, I think if we're talking about last year, it all just heads up. Like, I think going into last year, this last year, I was like, a little like, Man, this is I think you guys did a good like, you didn't need me as much. I think that that worked out well because the marketing performed and you didn't need me as well. When you did normally, Marianne would kind of, or you guys would, like, figure it out. And that wasn't the best. We'll we'll continue to, like, improve that process. But like, I think however the changes we made being like that, I could call you if I needed something. Or, like, I felt like I was kind of just ran the ship ran and we had some results. So I think that was, like, a good positive, because before I felt like I needed to be part of every single like, little thing, like, there's different things, like, we're spelling things right, or different things like that that could have been corrected. Those are the small details that maybe I just, like didn't care about them as much too. So it's like me. But at the same time, I think that it's just that was some feedback from last year too. Yeah, I think, I think this is just another step forward to that, to us producing stuff that's just super high quality, and you'll be able to know that it's going and it's going to bring in the right type of leads and stuff like that. So I think it's giving you all these options. You taking it and kind of defining where you want to be. But we're, we're in a good spot. We're like, we're going in this direction with everybody. And it's, it's like, I think it should be pretty clear for you too,

okay, because I pretty much

know where I want to be budget wise, more or less well, last year, we budgeted overall for marketing. We budget 135

and then we came in at 144 because we spent some money rebranding everything

to 5%

is what you do a revenue and that doesn't include another 5% for BB, for business development. So, like, you can put in, like, your, some of your money in there. You put in some, some whoever's selling 5%

I know I'm just saying.

So, like, who's the company my pocket there was one of the landscape companies sold. So they sold to a bigger national and what they do at the national level, the VCs, they come in and they spend 5% on marketing right away. So that's just a hey, like, you're getting you're getting closer, right? Even when you came in a couple years ago, you're like, I'm not spending 150 like, that's crazy. So like every year, if you do grow and you have more revenue, like, if you want to grow 25% or whatever it might be that that's usually like, right? Like, we might be at 2% but like every year, it's like, alright, what can you do a little bit more here, once you get your three month account, exactly? Yeah, a little more conservative. We're proposing what we know will make an impact, but that's the budget. Yeah, it's just a matter of how we flip. I think it's that's what I'm if we can figure out how to spend some time, and even in the next couple weeks, to, like, figure out those value items, be able to cater your proposed to make the right decision on the proposal. Like I said, maybe, in my mind, if we can find ways to spend that those 20 to 40,000 if you include Allegra like differently this year, then like, I just hopefully would then enable you guys to really like, feel like you don't like, I think just being strategic with what we're like, obviously our budget is not 5% but if it's like, if we're Strategic with that spend then, then the more money we make, L and C, the more money you guys, yeah, looking at it all, I just prioritize. I think the website Refresh is important. I think that would be probably like two grand a month. And then I think this pillar content stuff where we are doing everything upfront or within feed, a lot of stuff that we did last year just be a little bit more kind of efficient and consistent. Would probably be about 7500 so that all set us to about 10 a month, 320, and then plus the ad spend is where I see you kind of fitting, and it covers a lot of a lot of other things, but it doesn't give you a lot of room for, like, added stuff. Later, we just in the property Exactly. It doesn't give us a lot of room. And then we also need the like, you know, your 250 years. Big thing. I need you guys to design some T shirts for L and c2, 50 so we can, like, hand them out the parade. We're making a big deal to America, yeah. So we're going to make it a big deal just because that's, like, the Fourth of July, and they help with the fireworks and stuff and Great Falls, yeah. And then, like, on that note, like, I thought that the videos that we did, like for like that in the emails, like emails gonna whether we cut back, like we ended up doing, but we still need to send emails to some clients. And kind of that database can be built out a lot too, like there's a lot of people that aren't in it like that could be in different things like that, we know. So we know those things, those kind of, few of those things, could be an undercurrent support, we know, without even looking at the data, that the organic like, if you were going to say, Hey, this is the budget, what do we want to cut? Organic is always the first thing that you want to do as it's usually like icing on the cake that you can trim up and down. But I think what we do is we take that time look at your data like the way we propose. This is probably not going to change based on the data that we know. Because we can look at Colorado right now and see basically like, we can see conversions. We can't see actual like, when they turn into actual value for you. So once we get a hold of that like, it, it's not going to it doesn't change a year for your industry to say, southerns, or whoever else that we're working with, it's usually pretty consistent on like, where, where the money is coming in from. So either way, what I'll do is I'll lay this out in a way that we would propose we set up that time to come in and do an audit right with you, and then from there, this makes a lot of sense. Or here's the kind of the proof that we're seeing, kind of the data points that you guys have, what's your schedule look like over the next couple

weeks? In regards to meeting yet, to do, to do, like, come in and do it. What I'll do, what I'm going to do is I'm going to work like even I already had pretty much all the way kind of there. What we'll do is, I'll turn this thing in right here we have in the screen into, like a, like a clickable proposal, right where you can be like, alright, well, here's the PAM stuff, here's what it looks like, or here's the breakdown. And then, like, I'll put pricing with all these pieces so you can see how it at, how it goes. And then you can also click, like the add ons, just so you can see what it actually will build up to. And in this you also have access to the strategy that Ben put together, right, which has all this information. So we'll put this all kind of in a clean, concise proposal for you to roll through, and then you can look at it, and hey, here's what it's actually looking like. As far as we know, where you want to be, kind of a budget as a whole. But then, as you click through your Can I live without this? Can this be an add on when we want to do it and all that things so that way cool? Yeah, send it to me. I think my schedule is just and I'll put, like, a one day audit in here to, like, come in and help with attribution. And with that, not only just attribution, but we can also, like, I'll lay out, Hey, here's some automations that we could put in place to help you guys, like, not pull your hair out when you have a huge influx of whatever, or even just the customer kind of communication type stuff, yeah. Like, I want to, I mean, some of it's pretty basic, but like, I want it to be like, you know, they reach out in the form fill, and then they get an automatic response and then, or it's like, like, it's in someone's calendar to call them like, automatically, like, it goes to like, Mary Ann, like, automatically comes in and automatically goes to either me, Mary Ann, or whatever. So that they go and they have, like, a scheduled call on their calendar for like, the first one, and then, then after the call, it's like, okay, we've scheduled this. And then they get an email that says, like, Hey, you're meeting with Mary Ann. And here's the bio from Mary Ann on the website. So call rail, this is brand new, but this is something I would love, and we would like, I would charge $700 in salt, like they have this, and it's 500 bucks to manage it. A few I did for free just to test, but this is what they're doing, virtual assistant.

How can I help you today? Hi, I'm hoping I'm be

in my room, but I was hoping I'd get something to come by tomorrow. We have several openings tomorrow. Here are a few options, 9am 9:30am 10am or 10:30am there are more slots available throughout the day as well. Which time works best for you? 9am would be great. All right, let's get you booked for tomorrow. At 9am

you can adjust the script and stuff, but it'd be interesting to just test it. I looked at a couple other ones, not from CallRail, but like a couple other ones, and it just obviously you have to have all the scripts pre written. And it became so much I didn't think it was worth the value being again, look at the value of the customer and how much time it would take to acquire the customer and then pay off, how much would take to pay off that initial workflow, and the risk that will also the risk that it would change within the next couple of years. They didn't think that the value is really like there, but I think I've been looking at that because it drives me nuts that we don't we don't answer some of them, yeah. Like, how can I

assist you? Today, we are open from 90 we can actually turn like today, there was a call that someone called. It was in, I guess she didn't look up the address. It was someone that we already had to leave going was just a husband was born. We met with the wife and and he was calling about something different, and it's like, we haven't closed the deal, but like, we're trying to, like, get this job down Ben Hill. And she's, he's like, I need it done today. And I mean, next week we have availability. We're scheduled to do it next week. And she was like, oh, like, can't do today. How about tomorrow? He was like, No, I can't do tomorrow. I needed to do it today. Or it's like, yeah. And she was like, Okay, how about next week? And I was like, Cece, like, you know, listen to him. Like, that was he and then she tried to, he's like, okay, maybe Friday in the morning. She's like, okay, Friday at three. And I was like, Oh my gosh. Like this problem is it's a problem. And the problem is that a lot of people don't want to answer the phone either. So like river Ben, who we're friends with, he just switched over to people because he didn't like the way the sound was as to like. So he just hired a bunch of people in the Philippines that are working out really well, like they're working out really well. They're cold calling people, like they're getting beats and all this stuff so like, and, you know, but yeah, I mean whatever good whoever's answering the phone for you. Like, for us, it's really right. I really talk to anybody about

anything that we do, yeah?

So it's like, you need, you need somebody that that is almost like a clone of you that is doing business development. Like, I would have whoever's leading business development on your staff would be the person that takes three calls, but then they're not, but then they're, if it's new calls, none of it's like maintenance, like, like, hey, fine. You know,

yeah, it should be like,

CCM is about, like, hey, it's you that I'm an existing client. I need this great Hold on. One second I'm gonna put you or like, Oh, I'm actually looking to do a new build on. Great Hold on. Let me get you in touch with Mark, or whoever it is. And it's like, that's, that's just needs to be part of that quick hit. And maybe that there can be, because I trying to get that process down, and I think that there's ways again, so, and it's like timeline emails coming right out, the information that we're giving, linking in some of these YouTube videos we're talking about, yeah, so like, tell me a little like, here's your meeting with Mary Ann. Here's a short YouTube video about Mary Ann talking about, you know, outdoor spaces, because that's what you just highlighted, right? And like, that'll help you be prepared for the meeting and then. But that's like, all kind of you, like, click a couple buttons that just streamlines or automates that process. Yeah, that's what I'm hoping for. And then the proposals get made, and we can work on automating that later, but more like that front end stuff. So whether it's someone very interested in that we did that for southern and we were using their call rail, and we're like, you just had somebody from Warrenton call and say they wanted a full new infrastructure for the fairgrounds. And the lady said that she didn't think you guys did it. Yeah, it's $150,000 job that she just passed on because he doesn't know, and they had, like, the next couple days, like, basically, because that's been my problem. I mean, yeah, there's definitely we could. That's all part of the activity. Also be part about it. Like, hey, here's your workflow, here's how stuff comes in, leads come in, here's how you guys communicated. This is like a second point. Well, I started going through and listening to call around and tagging myself because the tags weren't like proper. So I started tagging them, because some of them were, like, tagging into new leads when they're really, like, repeat clients and stuff like existing clients. So I started doing that. I haven't done a little while, but I think that that's when I that's when I kind of gained a little bit insight on how much that part of the process needs to be approved. I think whoever is answering phones should be on your on your site should be managing the call remote, like tags and stuff, because they like, I said, learn that. I can't. Yeah, so we can. We can define that, like, Alright, here's an opportunity. Here's the six or seven opportunities you have. Which one do you want to, like, tackle first. Here's the value if you do tackle this and all the things, yeah. So that's more of a that means exactly the same weird like, Southern is gonna pay us about $10,000 to come in and do this. But that's the same Cool, cool.

Congratulations on a good year. Got a new house too. Yeah, yeah. I

is, yeah, hard time with the furniture thing because, like, I just

need someone paid my credit card really, because I don't know how to but for a lot less than your wife will do

it like I can do it on Facebook marketplace. If you want to go, I got some, some good couches on Facebook. Marketplace, yeah,

that's how I have my entire their budgets are like, insane. Well, it's like the proper, proper furnishing budgets, like $200 square foot, I don't know what that adds up to me. That's like what I live in,

Riley. What I live in, right? No, it was a big that was a big year. But it also does change things a little

bit, like it took to furnish everything with, like, all the like lightning, all the things, pillows and, like, if you have a girlfriend of Harvard.

But close

to cross Ben, check it out, close to the CrossFit. That's nice.

A little UTV. So now I'd actually go down to your house the other day. You say hi, I

like rolled them in the nose. You know. Didn't know who I was. I had to tell him. I was like, you know that was me. He was like,

Yeah, but there's something here.

She the furniture stuff.

Furniture is really challenging, especially if you have a big place. Like, it's really easy to furnish, like our small apartment right now, but I'm like, imagine having to fill four or five like, rooms like, that's just so much money you want get something that's quality that's gonna last, like, if it's couch, you want it to be comfortable, and so you have to go somewhere and sit on the couch. It's like, it's too much rugs

and stuff, understanding the rugs, and you gotta, like, match the walls, and

then the couch

gotta match. This expanded our office, right? So we've got another room in our office, so now I have to furnish that in a house, but shows you like what we're building now, right for clients and stuff, where we can turn this into a lean source, right? Where somebody comes to your site, they talk about the whatever, the guidelines to the best app. We're living in Northern Virginia, right? And we come here like, I, well, what do you what do you need, right? I need this. This, all right, what's your patio size? Say, whatever. What's normal patio size?

400 Yeah, we'll say four. It

will say, forfeit. Okay. And then what do you want? Papers and natural flags come down here. What's the width? That's fine, very specific. What like all the options you could think of, right? Flat level, you know, this is the you guys have to do some work, limited access, because it's in Great Falls, whatever. So, like, all these details, right? Just like I said, do with that one call around that we recorded been through, it was like, Hey, here's a response. Like, we can create this type of thing where you're like, oh, look, proposal done. Like, send the proposal for approval. They get this access. They sign even here, they can download it and schedule it. It's really, I've seen someone do it for maintenance too, yeah. Just the the thought that goes through my head, that is that we have a passion for plants and for people, but there it takes out the people. It doesn't allow people to create the rapport and the relationship and sales process. It only makes it numbers, which is to our to our disadvantage, in the sense of like, people just come in and number check us, yeah, and we don't have the opportunity to, like, prove why. With this you also incorporate video, like, if we had the video to go with this, where it's like, Hey, my name is Clark, like, this is what we do want to want you have access to what this is, so you can understand a whole nother transparent level, even at the bottoms. Is no price, price and reference, right site, complexity, great, falls, great, lots, 40, 50% more. You know, that's crazy, right? Just based on what we know, what we've given, that what I gave, I gave it to, what Ben gave it all the detail, it's like, don't tell people that. They always say you're false. More expensive. But the thing is, the crazy thing is, like, we can come in audit, you know what you want, like, get this out of prototype, make it actually functional. Like, that's crazy. No, I think it's really cool. I just, and I think from a maintenance perspective too, just it's a lot. You can create something like web store, like this, and then do that, just that, that business. It makes it so much easier to just sign up and go, it's that, like, you get to be, if you're doing it that way, you have to be really strategic about it. As far as, like, what is L and C's brand? What do we want to be? There are other companies that that's all. They just want the business and move on. And we want to have that, like, purple or personal touch to the business. We want people to feel that experience, so it's like, and that's the hardest part about scaling, though, too. Is like, because of the people, and then how do you incorporate that into that, just to make sure it stays that way? Yeah? I mean, it's changing the kitchen, luxury kitchen,

like, all that stuff. Yeah, now Chris, we can, we can probably install it on the lower end for you, if you want, yeah, the most I want to spend on my

landscape this year is retaining my basketball. What we put

in my basketball

at your house? Probably you way I'll send it. Biggest thing is, like getting it organized so that come March, we can kind of plan out some of this stuff. And now, like, I said, like, I don't think what we get out of the data the audit is going to change what we propose. I'm not too concerned about that, but we'll still get that on the schedule and figure out that website.

Okay, maybe regroup the second half of the ninth, depending on yep things.

I got this is something I

would charge. What are you charging for? Now you be.